here we are at her Auma it's 11 turn
3.85 kilometer road circuit riding along
with the legendary dom do hand in the
wolf blazing down the front stretch
reaching speeds at 270 km/h
you
going into turn one down to third gear
94 km/h entering nuvolari and finishing
the double apex turn with Fangio
setting up turn to Varzi way outside on
the left it's a fourth-year 195 km/h
right-hander it's hard on the brakes
from 208 km/h and it turn three lemans
it's a very slow second gear 80
kilometer per hour left hander
right back onto the brakes for the right
hand or turn for Farina first gear 68
km/h the slowest Warner on the circuit
flying into turn five rompa PAGASA the
left-hander fourth gear 170 to 180 km/h
feathering the throttle as you go for
this long left-hander heading onto the
street again hard on the brakes is you
going to turn six askari down to third
gear 136 kilometers for this
right-hander
turn 7-port ago and third-year hard on
the gas out
coming into my favorite part of the
circuit turn eight Bugatti the fastest
corner today flying through it 200
kilometres and hard on the brakes and to
turn 9 PG Oh a nasty left-hander and
second gear switching from downhill to
uphill as you leave it
setting up from the left into turn 10
monza it's a long right-hander requiring
a lot of patience as you cruise through
in third gear at eighty nine kilometers
going to turn 11 the tunnel turn at 180
kilometers and fourth gear feathering
the gas through the core and hard onto
the gas
front strap 242 kilometer
across the start/finish line that
concludes a lap of her Auma will see
times in the 115 s 1 16 s today per lap